how I grew my email subscriber list to
000 and 49 subscribers want to know how
I got my email list to nearly 900 000
subscribers it wasn't easy but now my
email list is basically like an ATM
machine my emails get an open rate of
over 30 that means over 260
000 people open up my emails every
single time I send one if I have a
product I want to promote or event
that's coming up or something I'm
excited to share or even talk about my
agency NP digital where we help
companies with their email marketing and
all forms of digital marketing it's the
easiest way for me to get the word out
and drive made Revenue email marketing
is super effective according to sales
cycle 59 of email recipients say that
emails influencer purchasing decisions
man eighty percent of marketers say that
email marketing increases their customer
retention so
how can you start building your
subscriber list so that you can boost
your bottom line here are some
strategies that have driven crazy growth
for me
strategy number one create a free tool
or content that requires the email
signup people love free stuff especially
when it helps them grow what about Uber
says in 2017 I wanted to revamp it I
tweaked some things made it free and
then my audience started using that tool
free of charge and they loved it and as
my audience keeps using that tool for
free it then ask them to put in their
email information
so in essence they're signing up and
that person when they sign up they're
added to my email list it's super easy
whenever I host a webinar I also create
a piece of content to be shared after
the event an ebook or something that can
use to drive growth not just for my
audience but for me as well and if my
audience wants to download that content
they have to send me their email address
so not only are they getting more
content based on what they want to see
I'm adding them to my email list which
means I have more opportunities to
convert them down the road and maybe
even upsell them if you're creating
something that's of actual value to your
customers then they'll be more happy to
exchange their information in exchange
for your tool or your content or
anything that they love using that
you're giving away in essence you're
doing a trade hey give me your email
address and I'll give you something of
value but it has to be so good that
people like wow this is crazy I get all
this stuff by just giving you my email
address that's the effect that you want
to create
strategy two
try an opt-in campaign offering your
audience a chance to specifically opt in
or out of your emails may seem
counterintuitive according to this 2021
report by campaign monitor the average
email unsubscribe rate is point one
percent that's barely anything so if you
know that it's unlikely for recipients
to unsubscribe well give them the option
it helps you build more trust and you're
then growing your list with the Right
audience because if people can't
unsubscribe they're gonna start clicking
spam and it's just gonna hurt you
overall plus you're weeding out
unenthusiastic users who aren't likely
to convert and honing in on the ones
that are more likely to convert and read
and share content is better for you
because you know where to focus your
efforts and when they start sharing
they're doing the dirty work for you
having your emails get forwarded is an
amazing way to spread the word
strategy three boost incentives did you
know up to 60 of users sign up for a
newsletter to receive offers and sales
promos
including something like sign up now and
get X in your newsletter is an extremely
powerful way to drive interest for
something new and fast how fast 21 of
sent emails are open within the first
hour of delivery that's how fast which
means if you have a sale coming up quick
this is one of the best ways to promote
it ASAP
your audience is already hungry for an
offer the second they sign up for your
newsletter give them something tangible
they can act on right away you're
keeping them engaged and rewarding them
for their loyalty which means they're
more likely to keep opening keep reading
and keep sharing your emails
strategy four partner up my agency has
found a new way to unlock explosive
growth partnering up with like-minded
Brands 57 of organizations use
Partnerships to acquire new customers
the average business generates 18 of its
revenue from pay search but High
maturity partnership programs can
generate 28 that's much more so when I
partner up with other people keep in
mind they have a different audience than
we do so it's a great chance for me to
tap into their market and them to tap
into our Market even before both in the
same industry a lot of times they have
different lists and that'll be the same
for your industry so partner up with
other people
strategy 5 run a contest did you know
that contest signups have a 3.7 percent
higher conversion rate compared to other
ctas if you start a contest and invite
people to participate they will think
about what part of your product Suite
that you can give away maybe it's a
consultation maybe it's a free blog
sometimes my company will offer
incentives like that such as the hour
consultation with Neil Patel when people
sign up for a contest also I want you to
choose something that you can Market
that will get people engaged and start a
sweepstakes that requires them to sign
up using your email address and then
boom you've got a ton of new subscribers
to your list that you can Target and
segment down the road follow these tips
and you should be well on your way to
helping your email list grow at an
explosive rate and if things aren't
working out for you and you're just
confused leave a comment below I'm here
to answer and help you out and if you
just want my team to do it all for you
and you just don't have the time or your
team doesn't have the time check out my
Ad Agency NP digital where we were the
agency of the year and we can help you
with all your digital marketing if you
enjoy the video subscribe to the channel
tell the people about it send it to
others thank you for your time